# OWASP 5: Security misconfiguration 

This is a vulnerability commonly observed because of not changing default settings, giving too much info about server via error messages, exposing sensitive files or leaving unnecessary services running using old software that have known vulnerabilities which if someone got to know that he is using that server we can read and understand that vulnerability and use it on the application.

Imagine a company builds a website or web app and forgets to lock the doors.
They leave things like:
- admin panel open (/admin, /phpmyadmin, etc.)
- debug mode ON, which shows errors and internal code
- default usernames/passwords still working (admin:admin)
- directory listing ON (you can see all files/folders in a path)
- unused features or old software versions running

This is called Security Misconfiguration.

## OWASP 6: Vulnerable and Outdated Components

You might have heard of always update your software and keep it up to date because the system of debugger works in such a way that every time they upload a software it opens itself for bug detection by anyone as soon as they get to know that their server have some bug or vulnerability they start working on fixing it and people who debug it sometimes upload the way to use that vulnerability in their blog and stuff so now the whole world knows about that bug and can anytime access that bug to get access to your server.

And if you don't keep your software up to date it means that bug the pentester and people found is still vulnerable and people can use it. And the updated software have the fixed or debugged version of the same product so always keep your application up to date.

Since this is about known vulnerabilities, most of the work has already been done for us. Our main job is to find out the information of the software and research it until we can find an exploit.

exploit-db.com is an official website that stores exploits and tells how to use them so basically if you know an application's name and version, you can search exploit-db.com to find known vulnerabilities and use them (in legal environments) to test or exploit the app. This is how real-world attacks, pentests, and CTFs work.

These CTF rooms are quite crazy stuff when I know there is answer still then I got confused in what to do how to find the flag and these hackers use vulnerability that even website developer doesn't know is quite crazy.

Anyway in my CTF room I have to find flag hidden inside the flag.txt file in the web application:

- I proceeded like I know that web app have known vulnerability so I visited exploit-db.com
- searched for web app name 
- found 3 vulnerabilities but all were unverified read it out found the application have broken admin access and I was able to login but can't find the thing I need using that 
- so I searched the exploit-db again for book store tag and found a known vulnerability that was scanned and verified it provided me a python script 
- which just need the url for the website and will enter into the application and provide us access to back-server directly 
- so I regret that I forgot how to download a python script it was using nano my bad 
- then after saving the script I used my terminal to run command
- `python3 bookstore.py http://url`
- which provided me RCE access
- then I scanned for ls and whoami
- and later cat my target for flag which I find out but ya I won't lie I was unable to do it myself so I used youtube video and he taught me how to do it.

Next time will do it myself.

What do you think?
