## OWASP 2: cryptographic failure

You might have listened to some people who were able to get inside the database of the website or college or school database and sold the information they gathered from there to the dark web or stuff or leaked it worldwide, leading to people knowing more about you than you think they do. Usually in school and college servers, they have all your personal info, like your name, where you live, your parents names, your phone number, your account number, etc.

It's enough info for any person to try to hack into you, as I have some hands-on experience. If you know enough info about someone, you can just use those keywords that you feel might be the password and try to hack into his Gmail or account using Hashcat and other tools. Even my brother told me once a group of hackers from his college hacked into their college database and released a lot of info about students and families and sold it or posted it on the dark web, leading to prank calls and ransom money calls to parents and students of the college, which went on for around 1-2 weeks, and they were able to make fools out of some people. 

Even my dad got a call related to ransom money. Though the boys who did that never got caught, now they've left that kind of work, which is good, but still, it's a big hack and considered top 2 in OWASP vulnerability. 

How to Use this Vulnerability- Find the database name somehow from the web application. in your Linux cmd	

- Write ``	ex. sqlite3 example.db- An SQLite command will start. 
- Write `tables`PRASMA table_info(Customers)
- `elect * from customers `

This will provide the customer's user info stored in the database. 


Don't blindly use these commands after accessing the database through the sqlite3 command, then open. tableswhich will tell you the various tables available in that. 
Think which table will have customer data and open it using the SELECT * FROM tablename command.

After this, it will provide you with some credit card info or any hash password or stuff that might be encoded, which can be easily decoded using several websites and stuff, so use them to gain the password and enter into it. So these hashed passwords can be decrypted by using several tools in Kali, but there is also an online platform that can decrypt hashed passwords for you. One of the websites is

https://crackstation.net/

This way we can gain hashed passwords and stuff and can gain access as admin to web applications, and if we have admin IDs and passwords, we basically have full control over their website and can access their whole database and even leak it as we wish. 
Ya, usually whenever such type of admin control is taken over by someone, the web also gets to know that something is wrong; hence, being quick is very important. You must do everything quickly, as now they are on your back, tracking you back and stopping you from doing anything to the web application.

Although this task itself is not that easy, finding a database name is a tough task. So, for today, I will be practicing this skill only and will be targeting the web apps of my friends.
